1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:
https://dashboard.heroku.com/apps/shrouded-everglades-98637
https://floating-headland-29156.herokuapp.com/week03/shoppingCart/2-cart.php

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
https://github.com/headricked/cs313-php

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.
Browse page: it functions to a certain degree. The user is able to add items to the shopping cart, but an extra "Array" is being added for each item addition.
View Cart page: the user can see all the items that are in their cart. A user can remove individual items from the cart. The view cart page has a link to return to the browse page for more shopping and a link to continue to the checkout page.
Checkout page: Prompts the user for the different components of their address via web form input. It has the option to complete the purchase or return to the cart.
Confirmation page: After completing the purchase from the checkout page, the user is shown a confirmation page. It displays all the items they have just purchased as well as the address to which it will be shipped.

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
filter_input is not working correctly. the add to cart on the home page is not functioning as expected.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
sessions can be used to carry variable values across web pages.

6. List one strength and one limitation of using cookies.
Pro: Cookies are stored on the user's computer and are not dependent on any servers.
Con: The user has the option of disabling cookies on his/her computer from browser’s setting. This means that the user can decide not to use cookies on his browser and it will still work.


7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate


8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
This was incredibly difficult challenge. It required a lot of research over the internet. Fortunately, I was able to find a tutorial from which I could build a basic structure and accomplish mostly the requirements of the web application.
