1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:
https://floating-headland-29156.herokuapp.com/milestone/index.php

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
https://github.com/headricked/cs313-php/tree/master/web/milestone


3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.

A: index page: this is the starting point, and populates a listing of all persons full names currently recorded in the person table of the database. This page also contains a web form that allows a user to add a new person to the list. https://floating-headland-29156.herokuapp.com/milestone/index.php

B: details page: one arrives at this page based on the link of the person clicked from the index page. That person's ID is a value passed through the query parameter, and, based on that value, the page queries the database to display milestone information about that person. This page also provides a web form that allows a user to add a new milestone for that user, then immediately displays it on that same page. https://floating-headland-29156.herokuapp.com/milestone/details.php?person_id=5

C: add person page: this page handles the function of inserting a person's data into the person table, then takes the user to that new person's details (milestone) page.

D: add milestone page: this page handles the function of inserting a person's milestone data into the milestone table, then returns the user to the details page.

E: delete milestone page: this page handles the deletion of a milestone, then returns the user to the details (milestone) page.

F: delete person page: this page handles the deletion of the person, and the person's milestones using the CASCADE database attribute.

G: data base connection page: this page handles the connection to the Heroku database.


4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
The updating functionality is not working, unfortunately. I wish I had more time to complete that for this week. I hope to find the time to resolve that functionality. Other than that, everything is working as expected.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
The coolest thing I learned while completing this assignment was actually making things work. I worried that I wouldn't be make the connection between the front end and back end. But, I was able to do that following very helpful tutorials from a BYUI instructor.

6. What is a benefit of having a foreign key constraint?
This allows the type of data to be consistent when managing data additions or updates to table data.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements


8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
I feel I excelled above and beyond the requirements. I added references to some bootstrap and javascript libraries to help with modal functionality and style.
