1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:
https://floating-headland-29156.herokuapp.com/milestone/index.php

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
https://github.com/headricked/cs313-php/tree/master/web/milestone


3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.

A: index page: this is the starting point, and populates a listing of all persons full names currently recorded in the person table of the database. This page also contains a web form that allows a user to add a new person to the list. https://floating-headland-29156.herokuapp.com/milestone/index.php

B: details page: one arrives at this page based on the link of the person clicked from the index page. That person's ID is a value passed through the query parameter, and, based on that value, the page queries the database to display milestone information about that person. This page also provides a web form that allows a user to add a new milestone for that user, then immediately displays it on that same page. https://floating-headland-29156.herokuapp.com/milestone/details.php?person_id=1

C: add person page: this page handles the function of inserting a person's data into the person table, then returns the user to the index page.

D: add milestone page: this page handles the function of inserting a person's milestone data into the milestone table, then returns the user to the details page.

E: data base connection page: this page handles the connection to the Heroku database.


4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
Everything is working as expected. The next step is to add functionality that will allow the user to update and delete data.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
The coolest thing I learned while completing this assignment was actually making things work. I worried that I wouldn't be make the connection between the front end and back end. But, I was able to do that following very helpful tutorials from a BYUI instructor.

6. Why should you create a separate user account for your application to access the database?
I should create a separate user account for my application to access the database because it will add security to the connection. At this point, I don't know how to do that. I would love to learn how.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements


8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
I feel I excelled above and beyond the requirements (which requirements were 'read only' access). I added some "Add" or "create" functionality to the web application, such that users can dynamically add new persons and new milestones to the database.
